Okay. I'm going to just jump right in and hand simulate what's going on here.
These first three lines we just declare three variables and
set them to initial values, so I'm going to do that.
Okay, so that's what that would look like,
and then here in display,
I'm saying display this arithmetic here.
Let's look and see what the values of day 1,
day 2 and day 3 are at this point of the program.
Day 1 is 15, day 2 is 22,
and day 3 is 18.
Now this might seem a little bit silly that I went off here to
the side and started keeping track of these variables,
but as the programs get more complicated and
variables kind of change and get modified in this space,
it's really important to be keeping track of things.
Anyways, the key insight for this problem is
that you're doing both addition and a division here.
Now if you remember from when Catherine was talking about order of operation,
division always comes before addition.
Meaning, the first thing that's going to happen is this division right here.
So 18 gets divided by 3 which is 6,
and then we have 15 plus 22 plus 6 which equals 43.
So it's going to print out 43.
So is that correct? Well, what we're trying to do is find the average.
Finding the average involves adding up
all the numbers and then dividing by the number of numbers you have.
But we do the addition too early.
We do it before we've added up these three numbers.
Really, it should be 15 plus 22 plus 18 then divided by 3.
So 43 is not the correct answer and to make this code do the correct thing,
you should be surrounding these three variables with parentheses.
Then you'll add.
15 plus 22 plus 18 and then divide it by 3,
which will give you the correct answer of about 18.3